ALICIA:
Arthur Gibson, 52.
Worked as a sales manager
for an industrial
machinery manufacturer.
Married?
No. Divorced.
Next. We need someone
at our table.
Deborah Barber, 38.
Next.
Why?
Not sympathetic enough.
Really?
Is there a weight limit
on sympathy?
Uh, Maureen Fenton.
_ Housewife. _
Divorced and remarried.
One daughter, 18.
How did she do it?
Handgun.
Killed her husband,
then herself.
What's the daughter look like?
She signed on
to the class action?
One of the first.
How will she do on the stand?
Good.
Then that's our test case.
Make sure she wears the cross.
But I thought Mr. Yates
was doing it.
We thought so, too,
but he got cold feet.
We know this is very
last minute, Caitlin,
but we think
MRG Pharmaceuticals
is ready to settle.
We just need a strong test
case to motivate them.
IfI lose,
the others can't sue, right?
Well, they can sue,
but it will be harder.
But I'll have to be
on the stand?
It's a good case, Caitlin.
Really good.
And we need to make sure
they never make an
antidepressant like that again.
Sometimes I wonder if God
forgives her, you know?
I have these nightmares
of Mom not in heaven.
Your mom didn't
do this, Caitlin.
The pills did.
You need to remember that.
I know.
Thank you.
* Oh, say
* Can you see
* By the dawn's early light...
Of course,
she has perfect pitch.
And this is bad, how?
It's at the end.
She gives ten percent
to her church.
She works at a food
kitchen once a month.
And she volunteers
at her kids' school.
Private school?
No, public.
She lives frugally,
quietly.
There were no
complaints
from neighbors,
staff, or coworkers.
So she's a saint?
For Chicago
or the world?
There are no saints.
The smaller the sin,
the larger you have
to make the magnifying glass.
(fast forwarding video)
There.
That's her husband.
Yeah, he's white,
we know.
This is not the South.
With some issues,
everywhere's the South.
I'll think about it.
She's good.
No paper trail.
Keeps her distance
from the machine.
No money I could find.
Nothing to get a foothold.
Hmm. My staff wants me to go
after the miscegenation vote.
Her white husband.
Oh, yeah.
In some neighborhoods,
that works.
I could work up
some flyers.
What else?
I'm looking into
some clinic visits.
There might be
an abortion.
What? Did she film it?
No. We're still
checking it out.
I am in a meeting.
You're not gonna
like this.
I was tracking a "Q and A" that
Wendy did up at Albany Park.
You know, getting some
shots of people waiting,
trying to put together an
idiot supporter montage.
(people cheering)
Whoo! Wendy!
MOODY:
So what do you guys
like about her?
She just makes a lot of sense.
You know, it-it's different.
With Obama now,
politics is cool again.
No. No, no, no.
What's the case?
No case.
It's the folder
I stole from your car.
Ah. Yeah.
After you trashed it.
So you, uh...
you finding a lot in there?
Some.
You take a lot of notes.
Hey, do you know, uh,
what I-LeGaL is?
It's the Illinois Lesbian & Gay
Law Association.
They just rated
Chicago law firms
on their diversity
in hiring gays and lesbians,
and transgenders and...
whatever.
Aanay, Lockhart/Gardner & Bond
did not do well,
even though I know for a fact
that we have gay associates
who just aren't acknowledging
that they're gay.
Now, in this day and age,
why would someone
not be up-front about
their sexual orientation?
Are you coming out?
You know the theory
that I work under?
No.
It's better not to keep secrets
'cause then people
don't go looking.
All right.
WOMAN:
Hello.
Hi. It's me.
Yeah.
Uh, we need to talk.
No, I agree that's fantastic.
Okay.
MRG Pharmaceuticals just
fired their team this weekend.
Alicia!
What,
their jury consultants?
Their everything.
Our opponents just fired
their lawyers;
they're going with a firm
from New York.
They're scrambling.
Who did they get?
We don't know yet;
we're trying to find out.
VIRGINIA:
It's probably Bernstein, Meyers.
They won that asbestos suit
last year.
Bring them on. They'll look
like an army against us.
We'll have three women
at the plaintiff's table;
they'll have a half-dozen
out-of-towners.
It'll be David and Goliath
writ large,
so I want you
to handle voir dire.
Me?
Yes.
Are you ready?
I am. Yes.
Um, Diane, as your
jury consultant...
Don't worry, if they're
bringing in New York,
we need to play up
our recognizability in Chicago.
The New Yorkers will object,
but let them.
They'll look like killjoys.
Diane, um...
I just need a minute.
And a cup of coffee.
(laughs)
Okay. Don't be late.
Hey.
You'll be good.
$30 to 40 million--
this could turn everything
around for the firm.
Not to put too much
pressure on you.
(chuckles)
Can I have a regular coffee,
please.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Doors are heavy.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
What?
Oh. My bus pass.
I must have dropped it.
I keep my ID with it.
I must have dropped it
by the coffee cart.
Would you mind?
Yeah. Sure.
By the coffee cart?
Yeah, I think... I mean, I was
by the bench for a minute,
but I think it's by
the coffee cart.
Thank you so much.
What are we waiting on,
Ms. Lockhart?
Uh, my co-counsel is
just outside, Your Honor.
She is handling voir dire
and she should be here
any moment.
Is the defense ready
for voir dire?
Certainly, Your Honor.
Then let's go.
Mr. Canning.
Good morning.
First of all, I want to
thank you for your service.
And I probably need
to explain a few things.
What were you doing?
I'm sorry.
There was a...
Good morning,
Mrs. Florrick.
I hope you don't mind we,
uh, started without you.
Now, uh, before I ask you
just a few questions,
I-I think I probably
owe you an explanation.
I suffer from a condition,
tardive dyskinesia.
Which is really,
it's just a funny word
for a neurological disorder.
And it makes me do this.
And... this. And...
Bah...
(jurors chuckle)
But, uh...
Uh-oh.
if you just look at me long
enough, you get used to it.
So, um... you know, feel free
to look, and H won't mind.
Now the good news is...
these pills.
I-I, um, take these
every few hours,
and-and they don't make
the symptoms
disappear completely,
but they do diminish...
Objection.
JUDGE PARKS:
Approach the bench.
Your Honor,
defense counsel
is using voir dire
to argue his case.
You'll have to
explain that to me.
This whole case hinges
on a drug--
whether in fact
an antidepressant drug
your client manufactured made
people want to kill themselves.
Your Honor, I'm simply
trying to make sure
that my symptoms
won't be a distraction.
Part of my voir dire is to
discover who will have problems
with my condition,
and who will not.
Makes sense to me,
Mrs. Florrick.
Overruled.
As I was saying, I don't want my
symptoms to be a distraction,
but I have to tell you
that they do intensify
when I become perplexed,
and I'm-I'm just,
I'm really transparent that way.
So, for example, I don't want
you to be distracted
when my opponents
are questioning...
Objection.
So, are we going to have
a trial at some point?
Your Honor, Mr. Canning
is trying, yet again,
to taint this jury.
How? I was helping you
this time.
I just don't want my movements
to be a distraction.
No, sir, you were guaranteeing
that the jury will be
watching you throughout our
testimony to see how you react.
My God, the cynicism here
is breathtaking.
Have you thought maybe you might
have a problem
with disabled people?
Your Honor!
All right, all right.
Mr. Canning, let's try
to keep the pained outrage
to a minimum here.
I'm sorry, Your Honor.
It's just a sore point with me.
Mrs. Florrick,
I understand your point,
but I think Mr. Canning needs
to inoculate the jury to his...
What is the proper word?
Condition.
So again, overruled.
Did you have any luck
finding my bus pass?
'Cause my driver might need it
if the limo won't start.
Okay, we just
turned into Goliath.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Hey, Johnny, you got a fast one?
I need to get
out of here by 3:00.
Thanks.
Oh, yeah. Of course
it's the dog. As usual...
KALIN DA:
Hey, Donna.
What's up?
You're talking
to somebody.
I'm talking to somebody?
I'm talking to a lot of people.
Somebody from my office.
An investigator named Blake?
"Indecent exposure.
Public masturbation."
Look. I need you
to stop talking.
Kalinda. Four months,
and this is what you
come to talk to me about?
How are you?
Oh, yeah.
Humanitarian
of the Year.
Mr. Bay. Are any of you Mr. Bay?
Mr. Bay? I'm Donna.
I'm from the Public Defender's
Office.
I'm here to defend you
on charges of indecency,
masturbating in a public park.
Do you understand
what I'm saying to you?
Are you masturbating right now?
Don't do that.
Get your hands out of
your pockets, don't say a word.
Who do you have for us
today, Ms. Seabrook?
An innocent man, Your Honor.
I'm sure.
Mr. Raymond Bay,
an upstanding citizen,
who was arrested in Berger Park
with his hands in his pockets,
supposedly making,
as the arrest report states,
"the motions of masturbation."
But as we all know,
the weather
along the shore last night
was unseasonably cold.
Mr. Bay was doing nothing more
than what any of us would do,
which was warming
his shivering,
and therefore, shaking hands
in his pockets.
Let this one go, Counselor.
Time served.
Next!
(bangs gavel)
You're welcome.
You could make a lot
of money at a big firm.
Why? When I meet so many
interesting people here.
Everything's fine.
I didn't talk to anybody.
I didn't tell
anybody your secrets.
And if this guy
approaches me...
Blake.
I won't tell him how
heartless you can be,
how insensitive,
how self-preservation is
your number one concern,
and after four months,
you can barely say hello.
I won't tell him
any of that, okay?
VIRGINIA: My sense is,
we got the jury we wanted,
but the... handicap
of the opposing
counsel has undercut
my earlier assumptions.
Meaning?
He's co-opted our jury.
I don't get it.
He's... handicapped?
DIANE:
And he's using it.
He's making
the pharmaceutical company
look like the good guy.
But the medical testimony
will prove otherwise.
We still have
a slam-dunk here.
Yeah, we're acting like
we're the ones on the run here.
Talk to the doctors,
get them ready for
some tough cross.
I'm trying to
figure out...
how to broach
this one.
Okay.
Why don't you give me
a subject line?
Grace, your daughter.
She attended a
Wendy Scott-Carr speech,
and spoke out for her.
We have it on tape.
But not for public
consumption.
One of our trackers
caught it.
One of our trackers?
Yes. I have
to keeps tabs.
(sighs)
Well, what did she say?
Oh, Wendy's makes
so much sense.
How there's so much
corruption here.
I think she meant Chicago.
How much she likes her.
I'm paraphrasing,
but succinctly.
Okay, I will talk to her.
Thank you.
And I'm sorry to have
to bring this to you.
I promise, next time,
I'll bring something good.
Elvatyl is a selective serotonin
reuptake inhibitor.
And this is
the antidepressant drug
manufactured by the defendant?
Yes. It controls depression
by stopping the brain
from reabsorbing serotonin.
(chair squeaking, thumping)
I see. Now, let
me ask you this.
In your latest
clinical trial,
you found that people
taking Elvatyl
were three times as likely...
Sorry.
They were three times as likely
to commit suicide
as those taking sugar pills.
Is that correct?
Yes, it IS.
Uh, it appears that the
serotonin transporter gene 5-H'l'l'
increases the synaptic
serotonin levels.
And how would you describe that
in layman's term?
In layman's terms?
Well, as
a threshold matter,
the mechanism
for SSRI inhibition
is poorly understood.
Think of it as a
train switchyard,
and the SSRI is
the conductor,
with the track
the absorption rate,
and the 5-H'l'l' gene
as the coal.
Thank you.
No further questions.
JUDGE PA_RKS:
Mr. Canning.
Thank you.
Doctor... (sniffs)
talk to me about sex.
About sex?
CANNING:
Yeah.
This stuff
you're talking about--
this, uh, SSRL...
DOCTOR:
SSRL
CAl\ll'|I\lIING:
Um, how does it affect
a person's sex life?
Well, I'm not sure
I understand the question.
Well, if... for example, if
there were feelings of jealousy,
this drug would intensify them,
correct?
Yes, I suppose so. Mm-hmm.
_ But it couldn't create
jealousy out of nowhere.
I mean, there
would have to be
a reason for such
jealousy to eXIst.
Objection. Beyond the scope.
Sustained.
Guess we can dodge that question
for the moment.
All right, Doctor.
Getting back to SSRL's effect
on a person's sex life...
Get lost.
So what is it?
The abortion?
No.
But I know why she was
going to the doctor.
Breast augmentation.
(chuckles)
You're kidding me.
(laughing):
No.
Four visits over two months.
So Mother_ Teresa
got breast implants.
Does that humanize her or not?
I would say not.
I would say you're right.
She cares about the poor,
and yet...
How much did she spend?
Over two months...
$19,000.
(whistles)
It's Clinton's haircut.
No, it's better
than Clinton's haircut.
And yet...
What?
The candidate.
He won't go there.
Since when did you care where
the candidate wanted to go?
Give me that.
(cell phone ringing)
What do you want, Eli?
You can just go to hell.
Uh-huh.
And what have I done now?
That was ours.
Go find your own.
Eli, you're blathering.
I'm just warning you--
stay the hell away!
Okay, I'm going now.
What does that do?
(cell phone ringing)
He's a Childs plant.
ELI:
Mm-hmm. I've known for a week.
Just waiting for
a chance to use.
So, go have him
make a Xerox.
(chuckles)
That's what I like
about you, Eli.
(clears throat)
Sorry.
Um, my mom was great.
And there was this change
that came over her
after she started
taking it.
Elvatyl?
CAITLIN:
Yeah. The doctor
prescribed it.
I was going away to
college, and my mom...
you know, empty
nest syndrome.
DIANE:
Could you describe
the change?
CAITLIN:
Within a day, she
became more depressed.
She couldn't sleep.
She had nightmares
that made her scream.
It was horrible.
Hi.
Hello.
Your stepdad had just
started a new job.
Is that right?
Yes. Um, at
Thurrell Interiors.
He designed furniture?
CAITLIN :
Yes.
Couches and
fold-out beds.
And he worked in a department
with all women?
Yeah. Why?
Oh, no reason. I just...
I want to be clear on the facts.
That's all.
11 employees-- all women--
and your stepdad.
CAITLIN:
Yes. He liked his job.
CANNING:
He spend some late
nights there, did he?
CAITLIN:
At his work? I guess.
They were trying to get
out the spring catalogue.
Well,
what I'm saying is,
actually...
This is a list
of items the police vouchered
when they arrived
at your mom's house.
I want you to do me a favor.
I want you to read for me
item number seven.
"A gym bag."
"A bloody gym
bag," it says.
And that was
your stepdad's.
Uh, could... could you
read for me item seven-B?
"Women's panties, black."
CANNING:
Ah, that's good.
And-and what does it say
in the parentheses here?
"Small."
"Small." That's good.
Well, let me take that.
Caitlin, what size
was your mom?
CAITLIN:
What size?
You mean, like, clothing?
CANNING: Yeah.
I guess... a 12?
12... 12 would be large,
not... not the size
of these panties.
It's all right.
You don't have to answer.
CANNING:
I-I do have to ask you
this question, though.
Is it true that your mom
and your stepdad
argued over a woman at work?
No.
A woman he was in love with?
Objection. No foundation.
JUDGE PARKS:
Sustained.
Who was much younger
and prettier than your mom?
Objection.
JUDGE PARKS:
Mr. Canning, that's enough.
CANNING:
My apologies, Your Honor.
I have no
further questions.
And, uh, I'm sorry
for your loss.
We need to regroup.
So how are we
doing today?
Your office is... small.
Yes. Small, but pure.
So, in the third year,
do you get a window?
Ah.
Should I shut the door?
No. No, it's bad enough
they think
I'm going to flip back
to the defense.
So what's up?
What do you need?
Why do you think
I need anything?
Because you're Kalinda.
My, uh...
my usual sources
have dried up here,
and... sorry.
I thought maybe
you could help.
It's a personal matter.
It's a new investigator
from Baltimore-- Blake Calamar.
Blake Calamar.
Yeah.
All right.
And what do I get in return?
Well, what do you want?
(chuckles)
Who was she?
DIANE:
The woman who ran
out of court?
An intern _at
Canning's firm.
DERRICK:
Damn, if we could
undercut Canning
by subpoenaing her...
That's playing
on his battlefield.
We need to pull him onto ours.
Ours is the medicine.
The problem with the medicine
is it's boring.
DIANE:
But it's still the truth.
WILL:
And the truth is boring.
He's got soap opera, and
we've got genetic science.
That's always been our case.
No, that's our facts.
Our case is what we
do with those facts.
And right now,
our case is failing Caitlin.
We need to make
medicme sexy.
Yep.
A lie always
beats the truth.
Can adapt; it doesn't
have to be consistent.
So we need to give the truth
the drama of a lie.
Increased libido.
(laughs)
One of the side
effects of Elvatyl
is it has a potential
increased libido in women.
Good.
We need to meet
our last expert Witness.
Who is it?
I'm sorry,
you want me to say what?
One of the side effects you
noticed was an increased desire
for sex in public places.
Th...
That's ludicrous.
It's in your study, Doctor.
No, it isn't.
WILL:
Subject 18--
she mentioned it
in her trial interview.
She was merely mentioning that
as an aside.
Our trial interviewer quickly
brought her back to point.
Yes, that was unfortunate.
We also want you to discuss
the increased desire
for oral and anal intercourse
mentioned by Subject 35.
Ms. Lockhart, this is...
It's what we need, Doctor.
It's what Caitlin needs to win.
Well, I'm not a clown.
I'm not a performing
circus animal.
I'm a man of science.
DIANE:
Suit yourself, Dr. Lawton.
But you've only fulfilled half
your contract, and we'll be
stopping payment as soon as
you board that elevator.
Thank you, Doctor.
Did you happen to videotape
any of your animal trials?
Your most violent ones?
I just wanted to
hear her speak.
That's all.
And I want you
to hear her speak,
but you did
more than that.
You spoke to someone.
How do you know?
Someone videotaped you.
VVho?
Are you angry at Dad?
No.
Somebody asked me a question,
and I answered them.
It's a free country.
Yes, thank you, Grace.
You know
this will hurt Dad.
Mom, she's really good.
She really is.
Yes, and if you were
her daughter,
you could talk about that.
So I just can't say
what I think?
You can say what you think
here at home.
But just not to other people.
When you're 18.
I know you think
I'm being unfair.
But when you're older, and you
do something I disagree with,
I won't tell it to other people.
I will tell it to you first.
Mom, it's politics.
It's different.
No, this is family;
it's not different.
Then, so, if I disagree
with something Dad did,
I should just tell him?
What do you disagree with?
("Yankee Doodle"
playing over computer)
* Wendy Scott-Carr
went to town *
* Stuck some tissues
in her bra *
(phone rings)
* And called it...
WENDY:
A personal matter,
completely irrelevant
to my job.
(music continues)
* Wendy Scott-Carr's
double-D... *
(music continues)
Where did you find this?
Online.
So it could be anyone.
It could be the other campaign.
Is it?
That is why
the 5-hydrowtryptamine gene
is a monoamine neurotransmitter.
DIANE:
Uh, thank you.
Now, in your clinical trials,
what did you find unusual
about this surplus
of tryptophan?
Well, oddly, in some subjects,
it made them desire anal sex.
Anal sex?
Really?
Was that surprising?
LAWTON :
Yes.
And also, in one subject,
it caused an_ increased interest
in exhibitionist sex.
Objection, Your Honor.
Relevance.
The defendant's case
is built on the premise
that Mrs. Fenton was
jealous of her husband
because he was
haVIng an affair.
We intend to show that Elvatyl
in fact encouraged
sexual activity,
which could lead
the jury to deduce
that the Fentons' sexual
relationship was healthy...
We'll stipulate
that Elvatyl causes
increased libido,
Your Honor.
Thank you, we'd like
to argue our own case.
Overruled.
DIANE:
So, uh, Doctor,
by exhibitionist
sex, you mean
sex in public places, like gas
stations and shopping malls?
LAWTON:
Oh, yes.
And in one instance,
a public park.
DIANE:
Really?
(rats squealing wildly)
And this was after injecting
white rats with minimal doses
of Elvatyl?
Yes, we wanted to see
the impact of
the 5-HT2C receptors
on dopamine-producing cells.
(wild squealing continues)
(dance music playing)
You sure you couldn't find
any place darker?
You want to go?
What?
You want to go?!
No.
I just want to make sure
you feel anonymous enough.
You broke my heart.
Not intentionally.
Well, that's a relief.
Donna, I'm not...
I'm not domestic.
You think that's what I wanted?
Yeah, I do.
You're just trying
to keep me in line.
What do you mean?
You phone me
so I won't talk
to your guy, Blake.
Can't I be multitasking?
I can't do this again.
Hurts too much.
Then don't
think about it.
Look, it's just now,
and we're just here.
And tomorrow we'll be
someplace else.
And that's tomorrow.
I don't work that way.
*
(Canning and Alicia talking
at once)
All right, that-that's enough.
Mr. Canning, this is a very late
addition to the witness list.
Yes, Your Honor, that's true.
But, as you know,
I myself was a late
addition to this case,
and, given my condition,
I can be...
Oh, come on.
Oh, that's right.
Mrs. Florrick gets offended
when I bring that up.
I only talked to this therapist
last night, Your Honor.
This isn't just
any therapist, Your Honor.
This is the late Mrs. Fenton's
therapist,
and, as such, any conversations
they had are subject
to patient/therapist
confidentiality.
But Mrs. Fenton is dead.
That doesn't matter.
The right remains intact
after death.
In Illinois, yes,
but not in Wisconsin.
Dr. Booth moved his practice to
Wisconsin in 2009; he continued
to counsel Mrs. Fenton
both telephonically
and in person.
This is outrageous.
You can't decide things
differently based on geography.
Uh, actually, you can,
Counselor.
The therapist's notes
and testimony regarding
any post-2009 sessions
will be allowed.
Anything before
that is disallowed.
CANNING: _
So you were seeing
Mrs. Fenton a week before
she shot herself
and her husband?
Yes, I'm very
sorry to say.
She was a very lovely woman.
I'm so very sorry, Caitlin.
And what did
she discuss with you
at that time, Dr. Booth?
Well, uh, many, many
things, of course.
But, uh, she was
very jealous
in the last month of
her too short life.
Jealous?
Of her husband?
BOOTH:
Yes.
She thought he was
sleeping with somebody.
Did she say who she suspected
him of sleeping with?
She thought he was
sleeping with her daughter.
That'd be the plaintiff,
Caitlin Fenton?
BOOTH:
Yes.
But of course,
this was just her suspicion.
That doesn't mean there was
actually any reason to suspect.
CANNING:
Of course.
But did she give a reason
for her suspicion?
Well, again, I would very
much like to caution here:
this is merely
what she said.
But she found
underwear
among her
husband's effects.
And did she say
who the underwear belonged to?
Yes.
Her daughter.
I am so sorry. I am so sorry.
ALICIA:
So it's true,
what the therapist said?
No.
I mean,
my stepdad was...
I am so sorry.
(sniffles)
He came into my room
and he took my underwear.
Once.
It wasn't a big deal,
but I told him to stop.
He said he would.
He pleaded with me
not to tell my mom.
I am so sorry.
So there were
no sexual relations?
No.
My mom came in,
and she accused me
of tempting him.
This is after she started
taking the pills.
And that's why I was moving out.
I didn't want to be
the test case.
I really didn't
want to be.
Don't worry,
we'll make this work.
(elevator bell dings)
What are you doing now?
Anything you want,
Mr. Gardner.
I need something on
a Dr. Randall Booth,
a therapist in Wisconsin.
Anything specific?
Everything specific.
We need to kneecap him.
Whatever you can find.
Whatever we can
use in court.
Okay, I'm on it.
Kalinda has been snooping around
about me.
Don't worry about it.
If you say so.
("Yankee Doodle" playing)
MAN (singing):
You know,
it is pretty catchy.
* Wendy cares
for all the poor... *
So no one is taking
credit for this video yet,
but how are you dealing
with all of it?
Well, it's difficult,
but I think
that's just modern politics.
INTERVIEWER:
Is there perhaps, though,
a good point to be made here?
I mean, you have shot up
in the polls.
And you've done it as this
friend of the downtrodden.
And yet, here we see you
getting cosmetic surgery.
Were you concerned
about your looks?
No.
About a year ago,
I was diagnosed
with stage-2 breast cancer.
Not even my best friends
knew about it.
And, um, I had to undergo
a double mastectomy.
I'm well now.
I know there was
the option to live
without_ reconstruction...
Anybody linking to the Wendy
cartoon, stop now!
Stop!
I'm sorry for taking
so long to respond
Stop.
to these allegations, but it
really is a personal matter.
And I just wish we would return
to the issues.
(footsteps)
So what have you got?
Uh-uh-uh.
Oh, Kalinda,
there you are.
You're working late.
Yeah, just trying to get
a drug dealer off the streets.
Someone I'm sure
Lockhart/Gardner
will be representing tomorrow.
Yep. I can feel the moral
gravity pulling me in.
So, you called?
Blake Calamar.
Yeah?
It's an interesting read.
Do you want to share?
In Baltimore _
he was working two jobs,
but I guess
you'd identify there.
The only problem
was his second job--
it was protecting MS-13.
Yep.
When he wasn't protecting
Bond & Associate interests,
he was out protecting
Baltimore's biggest meth gang.
How do you know that?
He was arrested, never charged.
Bond got him off.
Oh, no.
That's official_
state's attorney busmess.
Got a lovely little viper nest
going on over there.
Hey...
If I were you, I'd be careful.
Thanks.
All I can say is my involvement
with this Wendy cartoon
has become a distraction
from the real issues
in this campaign.
A toast to a
fallen comrade.
...Childs had nothing to do...
It could have been us.
He had no knowledge
of my involvement.
Not a bad day's work, huh?
Come on, Eli.
It's just you and me here.
You pointed the
press toward him.
I was asked a simple question
by a reporter
and I chose to answer it
honestly.
STURGES:
And so I apologize
to Wendy Scott-Carr
and to Glenn Childs.
Effective today, I tender my
resignation from his campaign.
Thank you.
MAN:
This announcement from
Patrick Sturges is the latest...
Hey, Dad.
Dad?
ALICIA:
And you were a patient
of Dr. Randall Booth's
before_he moved
to Wisconsm?
Yes.
Your Honor,
we must object again.
And we must ove_rrule
again, Mr. Canning.
ALICIA:
Now, do you know
the reason why Dr. Booth
moved to Wisconsin?
The reason?
You?
Can you explain?
Well, Dr. Booth, he...
I was his patient
and he slept with me.
I threatened to
bring charges
so he...
well, he decided to move.
Who found her?
The witness her?
Yeah.
Blake did.
ALICIA:
And do you have an opinion
about Dr. Booth's veracity?
Objection, Your Honor.
Sustained.
Nothing further, Your Honor.
CANNING:
Your Honor, it would
be our preference
to recall Dr. Randall Booth
to the stand,
however it's come
to our attention
that he's been hospitalized
after a burglary attempt
at his office.
We ask for a continuance
until we can recall this
essential Witness.
JUDGE PARKS:
Denied. Is there
anything else, Mr. Canning?
CANNING:
We ask for
a five minute recess
so we_can discuss a settlement
With plaintiff's counsel.
JUDGE PARKS:
Granted.
We're in recess
until 4:10 pm.
(bangs gavel)
So he said, "What do we need
to end this right now?"
I love it when they say "we."
This is during the
five minute recess?
Yeah, the clock was ticking.
So I said
very simply,
as though it were the most
natural thing in the world,
"You want to settle the whole
class action? $40 million."
I thought he was going
to come back at ten.
He comes in at 30.
Little did he know
we'd take 20.
So we settle at 35!
$35 million.
Of which we get
to keep $7 million.
We buy another floor
of offices.
Two floors, with a gym.
Why do I seem
happier than you?
Because you won.
The firm is solvent.
You make it sound so
end-ofthe-year boring.
This is big.
It is.
So smile.
No, Kalinda,
a genuine smile.
Look, there's Blake.
Oh, I get it.
It's because he found
the Witness and you didn't.
Yeah, that's it.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, look, Blake's got a date.
I've got to see
What kind of woman dates Blake.
Come on.
Hi, Blake.
Hey.
Hi.
Oh, that's right,
I think you two
know each other.
Oh, no, I don't think
we do. I'm Alicia.
No, he means me. Hi, Donna.
Kalinda. I was just heading home
from work when Blake dropped by
and asked if I wanted to come.
So you work
With Kalinda?
I do. And how do you two
know each other?
Um, from
the state attorney's office.
You're pretty.
Thank you.
If I wore
heels like that,
I would tip over.
Donna, could we have
a moment please?
Your jacket-- I like it.
Thank-thank you.
A moment?
Sure. Let's have a moment.
Hey, good job today.
Yeah, I was pretty bitchin'.
(both laughing)
She's so not your type.
Donna, you're so off base.
Really? How far off base am I?
What's going on?
Are you trying
to get back at me?
DONNA:
Oh, you mean Blake.
That's right, you did say
something about a Blake.
I didn't even
make the connection.
Look, I'm taking you home.
No, you're not.
You're not connected
to me anymore,
and I'm not connected to you.
Thanks.
Mr. Canning.
Mrs. Florrick.
Are you looking for Diane?
I am. We have a few
details to work out.
You fought well, sir.
Yes, yes, I did.
Better luck next time.
(chuckles)
(both chuckling)
Why are we laughing?
Well, because we're funny.
Oh.
Mrs. Florrick, you think you
were my equal in that courtroom,
but you were new math,
I was, uh, advanced
trigonometry.
Well, too bad trigonometry lost.
I didn't lose.
Lockhart/Gardner
stumbled their way
into a $90 million
class action.
MRG Pharmaceuticals asked
me to lower you down
to $50 million.
I landed you at 35.
I'm going home With
a bonus of $1.3 million
and stock options.
That's not losing.
But, hey, it's been fun,
and maybe I'll see you
again sometime.
We can mix it up in court.
Have a nice party.
*
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
* Wendy Scott-Carr
went to town *
_ * Stuck some tissues
in her bra and called it... *
WENDY:
A personal matter,
completely irrelevant
to my job.
* Wendy Scott-Carr's double-D
* Wendy is fantastic
* Wendy cares for all the poor
* But Wendy now is plastic.